#   Anchor Pylon

##  Module *Part*

The pylon must be constructed as a set of discrete parts to ease with setting the section properties and the assembly.  The first part consists of the main uprights.  The second consists of the primary crossbeams and the line support trusses.  The final part consists of the smaller angled braces which support the structure.

1.  Create a 2D deformable wire part of approximate size `200`.

1.  Create points at the locations (or do this via datum planes/axes/points):
    
    |  $x$   |  $y$   |  $z$   | 
    |--------|--------|--------| 
    |  0 |  0 |  0 |
    | 30 |  0 |  0 |
    | 10 |  0 |  55 |
    | 20 |  0 |  55 |
    |  0 |  0 |  55 |
    | 30 |  0 |  55 |
    | 10 |  0 |  62.5 |
    | 20 |  0 |  62.5 |
    |  0 |  0 |  70 |
    | 30 |  0 |  70 |
    | 10 |  0 |  77.5 |
    | 20 |  0 |  77.5 |
    |  0 |  0 |  85 |
    | 30 |  0 |  85 |
    | 10 |  0 |  92.5 |
    | 20 |  0 |  92.5 |
    | 10 |  0 |  70 |
    | 20 |  0 |  70 |
    | 10 |  0 |  85 |
    | 20 |  0 |  85 |
    |  3.636 |  0|  20 |
    | 26.364 |  0|  20 |
    |  5 |  0 |  27.5 |
    | 25 |  0 |  27.5 |
    |  6.364 |  0 |  35 |
    | 23.636 |  0 |  35 |
    |  7.576 |  0 |  41.667 |
    | 22.424 |  0 |  41.667 |
    |  8.788 |  0 |  48.333 |
    | 21.212 |  0 |  48.333 |
    |  0.909 |  0 |  5 |
    | 29.091 |  0 |  5 |

1.  Connect these points by lines to make the truss structure of the anchor pylon.


##  Module *Property*

The pylon is constructed uniformly out of the plain carbon steel alloy A36, $\nu = 0.30$, $E = 207 \,\text{GPa}$, $\rho = 7.85 \,\text{g}\cdot\text{cm}^{-3}$.  (Please be careful to make your dimensional system consistent.)

Create a section profile named `UprightBeam` using the material `Steel A36`.  This should be assigned a profile `UprightProfile` of shape `I` with size $I = 0.092 \,\text{m}$, $h = b_1 = b_2 = 0.183 \,\text{m}$, $t_1 = t_2 = t_3 = 0.01\,\text{m}$.  Beam properties should be calculated `During analysis` and the `Section Poisson's ratio` should be the same as the material's.

You should copy this section profile using the *Section Manager* (rename it to `CrossBeam`) and then modify it to use a new profile `CrossProfile` of shape `L` and size  $a = b = 0.092\,\text{m}$, $t_1 = t_2 = 0.01\,\text{m}$.  Copy this again as `AngleBeam` and assign it a new profile `AngleProfile` with a rectangular shape, size  $a = 0.092\,\text{m}$, $b = 0.01\,\text{m}$.

Create three sets (*Main Menu->Tools->Set->Create...*) called `UprightSet` (the primary legs and uprights of the structure), `CrossSet` (all horizontal members), and `AngleSet` (all remaining members).

Assign the corresponding sections to these sets.


##  Module *Assembly*

Instantiate the part as `Independent`.

Also create the following sets of points:

-   `PylonBase`:  the bottom two vertices.

-   `WireTips`:  the ends of the wire-supporting trusses.

Fix the orientation of all the beams to be consistent.

`UprightSet`:  `0,1,0`
`CrossSet`:  `1,0,0`
`AngleSet`:  `1,0,0`

Use the `Assign Beam/Truss Tangent` tool to make all of the beams have a consistent orientation.


##  Module *Step*

Create a new `Static, general` step called `Loads`.  Set the initial increment size to `0.1`.

##  Module *Load*

`Encastre` the set `PylonBase`.

Add a `-5e2` (N) concentrated force to the set `WireTips` in the downward `2` ($y$) direction.


##  Module *Mesh*

Mesh the entire structure with planar cubic linear `B23` elements.  Seed the edges by number `1`.  *Mesh* the part; there should be `96` elements created.

##  Module *Job*

Create a new job.  *Data check* the job and then *submit* it for evaluation.


##  Module *Visualization*

Rescale the plot by opening the *Common Plot Options* dialog (*Main Menu->Options->Common*).  Change the `Deformation Scale Factor` to `Uniform` `1000`.  Turn on beam section rendering so you can carefully compare the orientations of the beams.  You may find it useful to scale these $2-5 \times$ as well for visibility.

-   What sort of results do you get using `B23`?  Try `B22H` instead.
-   Turn on beam section rendering so you can carefully compare the orientations of the beams.  Are they physically realistic?